Update changelog with added features (#330)
vividus-framework/vividus-studio: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## [Unreleased]

> * Add auto-completion for plain and composite steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add auto-completion for regular and composite steps
```

> * Add syntax highlighting for scenarios, steps, arguments and other story elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add syntax highlighting for scenarios, steps, steps arguments and ..<name here all story elements which are parsed>
```
